Each year, Capgemini, in partnership with RBC Wealth Management, conducts a formal survey of high net-worth individuals (HNWIs) and shares the data publicly. One of the striking features of the report in recent years, is the increasing interest among wealthy individuals regarding social impact. David Wilson, head of the strategic analysis group for Capgemini&#039;s financial services strategic business unit gave me three highlights for consideration. If you are a wealth manager, pay attention! 1. Be Aware: Social impact (defined as  an investment of time, money and/or expertise with the goal of generating positive social impact, which may or may not have a financial benefit ) is highly important to High Net Worth Individuals (HNWIs). However despite their interest in driving social impact, HNWIs do not have a single preferred source to help them navigate the complexities involved. Currently they are getting advice from two distinct groups: their family and friends, and their wealth managers, and many are receiving no advice at all. 2. Acknowledge the Opportunity: HNWIs are seeking more advice on social impact overall, and wealth managers are the most sought after professional source of advice. HNWIs are looking to their wealth managers for support in setting clear social impact goals, determining which investments are the most appropriate in their area of interest, structuring their investments, and measuring the impact of their social impact efforts. 3. Prepare: Embedding social impact discussions into the overall wealth management approach and making tactical investments to build out their social impact offering will help firms to better meet the opportunity. Several challenges will need to be overcome, such as a lack of clarity on social impact definition and goals, inconsistent or unqualified sources of advice with inadequate levels of expertise, lack of specialized products and solutions, and lack of standard metrics. On Thursday, February 4, 2016 at 9:00 AM Eastern, Wilson will join me for a live discussion about these insights and their implications for wealth managers. Tune in here then to watch the interview live. Post questions in the comments below or tweet questions before the interview to @devindthorpe.
PERSON David Wilson
PERSON Wilson
ORGANIZATION Capgemini
ORGANIZATION RBC Wealth Management
